Update information on Summary instruments toggle (#7)
dynatrace-oss-contrib/micrometer-docs: src/docs/implementations/dynatrace.adoc

            key1: "value1"
            key2: "value2"

>         # (from 1.9.0) Wheter or not to use the Dynatrace specific summary instruments. (default: true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # (since 1.9.0) Wheter or not to use the Dynatrace-specific summary instruments. (default: true)
```
(analogous to the Javadoc `@since` tag)

>         # This should only be used if problems with existing instrumentation were discovered after upgrading to 1.9.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # This should only be disabled if problems with existing instrumentation are discovered after upgrading to 1.9.0
```
Otherwise it sounds as if it "should only be turned on if (...)"

>         # Set to false, this will restore the previous (1.8.+) behavior for Timers and DistributionSummaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Set to false, this will restore the previous (1.8.x) behavior for Timers and DistributionSummaries.
```
some might mix up 1.8.+ with 1.8+

        return dims;
    }

>     // Only available in Micrometer 1.9.0 and later!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Only available in Micrometer 1.9.0 and above
```
no need to shout :)

Author: didn't mean to shout😄
